Grammar improvements and simplifications in the Getting Started Section (#170)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/getting-started/why-design-for-bitcoin.md

## Be on the cutting edge

The Bitcoin white paper was released in 2008. Over a decade later, it is still a young and maturing technology full of potential. Like working early on the internet, there are big and exciting questions to be discussed and design decisions to be made. Designing for bitcoin is a fantastic and rewarding challenge.

## Permissionless

The idea that there are no gatekeepers is baked into the foundation of Bitcoin and its ecosystem. A Bitcoin wallet designed by you is as official as one created by a big corporation.

## Blaze the trail

There are still very few dedicated designers working in the Bitcoin ecosystem. As we have seen with the evolution of the internet, it takes time to adopt new technology. If you are curious and excited about new challenges, here's your chance.

## Design for your needs

> Many bitcoin projects start by identifying an unmet need. Unlike traditional finance, the barriers to entry are shallow. So if you were ever unhappy with your bank's service of a financial provider, here's your chance to shape something better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many bitcoin projects start by identifying an unmet need. Unlike traditional finance, the barriers to entry are shallow. So if you were ever unhappy with the service of your bank or financial provider, here's your chance to shape something better.
```
The fix was not quite right due to my initial mistake of writing "for" instead of "or".
